Requirments:

1. All formats from toolbar:
    1. upeercase/lowercase : done
    2. font-family : done
    3. line-height : .........
    4. font-size : done
    5. underline : done
    6. Italics : done
    7. bold : done
    8. alignment : ..........
    9. bullets : ..........
    10. list : ........
    11. highlighter : .............. 
    12. undo : ........... 
    13. lock : ..........
    14. Save : ...........
    15. Full screen : ..........
    
    
    Miscellaneous Functionality
    1. Highlighter :  
             1. whenever user clicks on highlighter and selecte any text inside quill content the text should be highlighted 
                with yellow color and also it should update as a chat message in chatbox with property as heighted

             2. It should open a box like  gpt search where  user ask to update the selected text on the selected text.
                
                    =>   create a higher order function which will give us two components one will selectGpt and other gtpsearch

             3. when user type anything it should reflect in chat box textArea. with marker pencil before text which
                will be highlighted with yellow background.

             4. when user ask for changes  that will be added with message with selected text and whatever user asked as sub text as shown 
               in figma.

    2. export Document


/// new ui

toolbar

Draft
 1. when draft is active and none of the page is selected then hide all editor tools on right.
 2. click on any four buttons on left should  focus on last page active when none of the page is active
 3. onClick anywhere other than taht any page remove focus from the page which ever is active except toolbar.

 When finalized
 1. hide all whole tool abr and only show page as shown in figma

 version bistory is active
 1. show the doc name at left  and page number as shown in figma
 2. if any of them is selected show three buttons on right as shown in figma in version history
 3. in version history tool which ever sort is selected should be highlighted by blue border and blue text with blue icon 
    other wise grey text and all without blue border.
 4. on Hover show blue background color on row as shown in figma and right aroww on it name before doc name.
 5. on hover  set that show that version of document on left in editor with the background and border color associated with 
    the type of draft.
 6. on Click  set the version as current editing version.
 7. restore to current version module on cick to restore button. .
 8. export functionlaity on click of export button from toolbar in that version.
 9 . duplicate version functionality on click of duplicate button.




 // page overflow handle
   
    1. when user types the text overflows =>  moves overflowed text to new page => store the cursor position => check the 
                      new page where the text has been move and so on...... =>  set the cursor to the page where 
                      the overflown text was first moved

    2. when the new file is imported => move overflown text to the new page =>  check the 
                      new page where the text has been move and so on...... => set the cursor at the start of 
                      first page                




                                       
